---
title: "I Am Back!"
date: 2017-08-17
tags: [HTML, Web Development, CSS]
excerpt: "Nothing else I rather be doing then developing."
---

It has been a long journey for me till this moment. I was immersed in a world of power and creativity after college. After college I could not find a job or even find one that interested me. So I got on Google and tried to find a skill that would land me a job but also something that would keep me interested. To my findings I found Web Development, which I was some familiar with from college.

For about six months I had no job but was determined to become someone and find my passion. I literally woke up one day and just started learning about HTML. Day in and day out I woke up ate and jumped on the computer searched for information on YouTube and on Google. I started to become addicted treating my learning process like a job. I knew where I wanted to be and seemed to be on the right pathway.

Then this thing called life hit me in the face and I had to make some decisions. I was getting to the point where I felt like I needed to make some money someway and somehow. My aunt was graciously supporting me but I wanted to make money of my own and pay for my own life. I was lucky enough to find a great job opportunity in my degree field. I have been currently working for this new company for a month and a half now and love it. I have a great boss, colleagues and atmosphere on a daily basis.  

But I feel like I am missing something in my day-to-day life. I miss the struggle of staring at my computer trying to figure out why my code doesn’t work. I miss creating simple task that aren’t that impressive but took me hours to do. I miss learning and growing in my knowledge of logical thinking. I was basically missing the satisfaction of Web Development!

I love the opportunity I have at my new job and I am going to work hard and give it everything I can to grow and learn from it. But to be honest I want to be a programmer. Even though my hours are tough and I come home tired and still have to fit a daily life in there somehow. I will try and dedicate a couple of hours a day to continue to learn and program. I rather code an hour a day then four hours every other day.

I am glad to be back in this community and this world of tech! I am very excited to be back and cannot wait to learn and grow with you all! Let’s get it!!!
